# Festa-Italia-Website
# Business 
Festa Italia Foundation, Inc. is a non-profit public benefit organization whose main goals are to promote the Italian heritage, tradition, and culture, to honor the fishermen of Monterey, California and to educate the public on how the Italian fishermen have contributed to the heritage of their community. The foundation holds a three-day festival of Italian art, food, and music bringing people together from across the globe along with many smaller events throughout the year. Sponsors aid the foundation in providing thousands of dollars in scholarships each year to local high school and college students from the community.

# Need
The client needs a new website to promote Festa Italia– a large annual Italian Festival held in Monterey– and create a centralized place for the board members, volunteers, donors, and attendees to login and handle business. The client has requested that we integrate a way for them to process payments for donations and coronation ball tickets. The food and drinks are exchanged with prepaid tokens, and a menu for attendees to calculate the amount of tokens needed is another requested feature. We will create easier access to their magazine and present it in a way that attracts users to the future festivals. We will share event info with the community and since we are going to inform their attendees of the ball, bocce tournament, donations, volunteer positions, and menu, we will create a centralized database that can store all this info. We want the board members/admin users to be able to access and manipulate this data in a simple and meaningful way.
